## YEE LOK **CHIU** 

## NO 32, G/F REAR BLOCK, KO SHAN CHUEN, CHEUNG CHAU · (852) 6177 2657 **enochchiu2003@gmail.com www.linkedin.com/in/yee-lok-chiu-7b7ab42b2** 

I am a dedicated and reliable student known for my strong work ethic and dependability. I actively embrace responsibilities and engage in various academic activities, reflecting my keen interest in IT. As a motivated programmer with a solid foundation in the **software development** industry, I thrive in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. I excel in **full-stack development** and have received training in **Java, Python, and SQL** technologies. My ability to quickly adapt to new software and hardware technologies demonstrates my capacity for rapid and effective learning. 

## **EDUCATION** 

## **2026** 

**61036-FBT-PBT, MSC IN BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY,** THE HONG KONG POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY 

Core modules: Blockchain Fundamentals, Smart Contracts and DApps development GPA: 3.91 

## **2023-2025** 

**61431-SYC, BSC (HONS) COMPUTING,** THE HONG KONG POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY 

Core modules: COMPUTER SCIENCE 

GPA: 3.17 

## **2021-2023** 

**ASSOCIATE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY,** HONG KONG COMMUNITY COLLEGE 

Core modules: COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, APPLIED COMPUTING & OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING Award GPA: 3.56 

## **SKILLS/ STRENGTHS** 

- Blockchain Development: Knowledgeable in blockchain technologies and development practices. 

- Basic skills in C, C++, JAVA, SQL, HTML, and Python programming 

- Experienced in UI design 

## **INTEREST** 

   - Running 

   - Hiking 

   - Travel 

   - fitness 

   - Music 

- Skilled in game development 

- Equipped with a strong blend of creativity and technical expertise in new media design, Processing Langrage 

- Good grasp of both English and Chinese languages. 

- Familiar with concepts of cyber security and networking 

- Familiar with operating systems (Windows, Mac OS) 

- Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Access, and Word 

- Experienced in VBA and SQL for system design and automation 

## **ACTIVITIES/ EXPERIENCE** 

|**ACTIVITIES/ EXPERIENCE**|||
|---|---|---|
|**NAME**|**YEAR**|**Organizers**|
|AI technical Hardware Internship|2025-26|Nexrehabs|
|Internship (Programmer)|2024|INLAND REVENUE DEPARTMENT|
|Programmer|2023|Centrifugal Art Force|
|Official|2022-23|LCSD|
|Information Technology Team Member|2021-26|The Church of Christ in China<br>CheungChau Church|



## **PROJECT - WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/YEE-LOK-CHIU-7B7AB42B2** 

## **Intelligent Healthcare System Integrating Multimodal AI and IoT-Driven** 

**Medicine Management:** This project aims to develop an Intelligent TCM Healthcare System that enhances the application of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) in domestic settings. Addressing the need for standardized and intelligent tools, the system combines multimodal artificial intelligence with IoT-enabled drug administration. 

**This Stirring of My Heart (co-work)** - Due to an assignment opportunity, I had the chance to collaborate with Professor **WONG Chung-yu** on creating an interactive digital media artwork. The artwork has been invited to be exhibited at the **Hong Kong Palace Museum** . 

**Nature and City** - In this project, I want to explore the relationship between nature and the city through the lens of art, and how the urbanization process is transforming our understanding of the natural world. 

## **SPOTLIGHT(INTEREST)** 

**I have always loved taking on challenges in my life to aim for bigger hopes and aspirations. Every year, I design a significant project for myself, focusing on personal growth and new experiences.** 

Marathon Runner (2025 & 2026): Completed the Standard Chartered Full Marathon in both years, demonstrating long-term physical endurance and discipline 

2 

